thank you for joining us on one of the
most historic and important dates in the
history of the United States my birthday
thank you I don't love my birthday it's
not a big thing for me but I will say
this I got exactly what I wanted this
year good morning everyone this is the
first in a series of public hearings the
committee will be holding as part of the
houses impeachment inquiry the
impeachment hearing today we we got live
testimony from Bill Taylor who's the top
US diplomat in Ukraine and George can't
up the State Department they did not
paint a flattering portrait of our
president and his bootlickers in the
house didn't look too good either
Devin Nunez who is a Republican from
here in California opened the show for
his party and it was obvious right off
the bat that he was much more interested
in defending the president than in
getting the facts and now recognize the
ranking member Nunez for any remarks he
may wish to make in a July
open hearing of this committee following
publication of the Moller report the
Democrats engaged in a last-ditch effort
to convince the American people that
President Trump is a Russian agent well
we got some new merchandise
I guess the Republicans did their best
it really was something demin has set
the stupid bar to started off then John
Ratcliffe of Texas topped it immediately
then Chris Stewart of Utah came in and
took the stupid crown for himself but
just when he thought that's it we
reached the bottom level of human
intelligence in comes Jim Jordan from
Ohio to take gold people were actually
laughing at him during the hearing areas
supporting his quid pro comb-over for
the invasion each party had an attorney
on hand to ask questions the Republicans
brought in a lawyer named Steve castor
and since he couldn't ask about the
facts because those don't look so good
for Trump all he was left with was
trying to get bill Taylor to say that
sending rudy giuliani to ukraine to
shake down their government isn't such
an outlandish thing for a president to
do the
discussion of the irregular channel you
described and in fairness this this is
your regular channel of diplomacy it's
not as outlandish as it could be is that
correct
it's not as outlandish as it could be
yeah for instance instead of Rudy
Giuliani Trump sent Gary Busey to
Ukraine we did get some new McNuggets of
information today bill Taylor said a
member of his staff was there when
Trump's ambassador to the EU
Gordon Sandlin called the president the
staff member said he overheard the call
on which Trump specifically asked about
the investigation and after that call
Sandlin told them Trump cares more about
investigating Biden than he does about
Ukraine in other words there was another
call
also perfect I'm sure Taylor said Trump
wanted the Ukrainian president to go on
CNN to announce an investigation of Joe
Biden well this is a stupid plan just
italy galatea side this is the dumbest
plan ever
so ambassador soundly tried to explain
this to the group as if it was a normal
thing in the world of business
ambassador someone tried to explain to
me the president Trump is a businessman
when a businessman is about to sign a
cheque to someone who owes him something
the businessman asked that person to pay
up before signing the check Oh sir
Volcker used the same language several
days later while we were together at the
Yalta European strategy conference I
argued to both that the explanation made
no sense it doesn't make sense because
if the businessman is writing a check
why is the other person paying up isn't
the person writing the cheque the one
paying up and when is Donald Trump ever
paid up for anything
[Applause]
this is a stressful day for the
president the Popeyes near the White
House they had to wave their two chicken
sandwiches per person limit today for
him president called the hearing a joke
a sham and a hoax and he said he didn't
watch it White House spokesperson said
President was too busy working right
they buddies well said he was at a Zumba
class because that is they should hold a
hearing to investigate that claim Trump
said he didn't watch a minute of the
hearing but this exclusive footage
obtained inside the president's private
quarters says otherwise
following the call with President Trump
the member of my staff asked ambassador
Salman what President Trump thought
about Ukraine Wester song and responded
that President Trump cares more about
the investigations of Biden which
Giuliani was pressing for a recipe sir
extra crispy you idiot
yes extra perfect yes mr. president you
stood apart
[Music]
[Applause]
as the hearings were happening he was
not watching them this is what he was
working on he was tweeting and
retweeting all of these things from
right-wing Twitter feeds in between
hosting one of his favorite foreign
strongmen turkish President Erdogan
Trump said he's a big fan of Iran who
last month notably slaughtered our
allies the Kurd so of course Trump
invited in the White House senators from
both parties urged him to rescind the
invitation but Trump said he's a good
friend the way he treats the president
of Turkey you'd think he was the
president of fried chicken you really
would but a new round of testimony
begins again Friday and we will be
watching that too you know hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel and I am NOT allowed to eat this
cookie until you click the subscribe
button so please click now I'm hungry